## Overview

This repository contains the data and results for my M.S. in Computer Science Thesis. All results were collected via usage of the CLI tool, `cryptoguard`, that I developed as a part of my Thesis. This tool can be found [here](https://github.com/jnaizer/cryptoguard).

### Data
This project contains data generated using three different random number generators (RNGs). These RNGs are:

1. **Secrets RNG**
2. **Wolfram RNG**
3. **Microsoft Sparse Simulator RNG**

Each RNG is used to generate a set of random numbers, which are stored in the `data` folder.

#### Data Folder Structure

The `data` folder contains three subfolders, one for each RNG. Each subfolder contains the data generated by the corresponding RNG. Within each RNG subfolder, there contains ten samples of 10Gbits of randomly generated binary data from the respective RNG.
```bash
data/
│
├── secrets_rng/
│ ├── secrets_0.bin
│ ├── ...
│ └── secrets_9.bin
│
├── wolfram_rng/
│ ├── wolfram_0.bin
│ ├── ...
│ └── wolfram_9.bin
│
└── sparse_rng/
│ ├── sparse_0.bin
│ ├── ...
│ └── sparse_9.bin
```

### Results
This project also contains statistical testing suite results from eight different testing suites on the three sets of RNG data. These statistical testing suites are:

1. **ENT**
2. **PractRand**
3. **SmallCrush (TestU01)**
4. **Crush (TestU01)**
5. **Alphabit (TestU01)**
6. **Rabbit (TestU01)**
7. **Dieharder**
8. **NIST STS**

All statistical testing results are stored in the `results` folder.

#### Results Folder Structure

The `results` folder contains three subfolders, one for each RNG. Each subfolder contains ten subfolders for each of the ten samples of data. Each sample subfolder contains statistical testing output from each test as well as a `time` file that has runtimes for all tests.
```bash
results/
│
├── secrets_rng_results/
│ ├── secrets_0
│ │ ├── test_ent.log
│ │ ├── test_practrand.log
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ └── time
│ ├── ...
│ └── secrets_9
│ │ ├── test_ent.log
│ │ ├── test_practrand.log
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ └── time
│
├── wolfram_rng_results/
│ ├── wolfram_0
│ │ ├── test_ent.log
│ │ ├── test_practrand.log
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ └── time
│ ├── ...
│ └── wolfram_9
│ │ ├── test_ent.log
│ │ ├── test_practrand.log
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ └── time
│
└── sparse_rng_results/
│ ├── sparse_0
│ │ ├── test_ent.log
│ │ ├── test_practrand.log
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ └── time
│ ├── ...
│ └── sparse_9
│ │ ├── test_ent.log
│ │ ├── test_practrand.log
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ └── time
```
